What is it called to speak?
You went to my house and stole my stuff
Went to the hospital to get my hair again
Pretended to be me and went to the Su family
Became the daughter of the Su family
You are a fake you are a fake
Do you think he already knows his background?
It's hilarious
You don't want to say
You are the real Miss Su, right?
Yes, I am you of the Su family.
I match you with a wild girl from the countryside
Don't pee, follow your own virtues
You seem crazy about money.
I have proof.
evidence
Right in front of the first sister
Show me your so-called evidence
You go out first
I'll talk to her alone
First sister, get out of here
Go away go away
Why do you feel guilty?
Hmph, what do I have to feel guilty about?
Isn't it just impersonating your identity?
So you admit it?
Yes, I admitted that I am not Su Tsing Yi.
She is not a Miss Su
So what?
Does anyone believe what you just said?
I said I have proof
Don't bother
I'll call Sun Mingzhe now
Tell him you already know who you are
See how he reacts
Said to come to me in the future
He said he knew who he was.